Hello, everyone, in this quick bonus video, I want to let you know about a few other courses that
I've created.
There are two or three courses in particular that I think would pair very nicely with your new WordPress
skill set.
So the first course is available here on You to Me.
And it's titled Learn JavaScript, Full Stack from Scratch.
So this is a twenty seven hour course devoted to JavaScript and it's broken up into three main chapters
or chunks.
So the first part of the course is learning the JavaScript language itself.
In that chapter.
We're not worried about front end browser based JavaScript, nor are we worried about server side JavaScript.
We're just learning the syntax, the skeleton of a JavaScript sentence and just getting familiar with
the language itself.
In the next section, we learn about browser based JavaScript.
And in the final section of the course, we build a simple social network application.
And in order to do that, we need to learn about server side JavaScript using node J.
Yes.
I'll be honest, this is the most time I've ever spent on creating a course altogether.
If you add up the planning and researching and filming, this course took the better part of two years
for me to create.
Anyways, if you're interested in JavaScript, I recommend checking it out the next course that I want
to talk about is my newest course and it's called React for the rest of US.
I chose this title because there are tons of other react courses that already exist, but I feel like
the instructors make react seem as complicated and complex as possible.
So I take the opposite approach in this course.
I try to boil react down to its simplest core.
The idea is, even if you're not a guru in terms of JavaScript and single page applications, I won't
react to still feel accessible and simple to learn for you in this course.
We begin by answering the question what is reacting?
What problem does react solve in the first place?
Why are we using it?
After that, we use react to build the single page application front end for a simple social network
app.
OK.
The third course I want to mention is named Get a Web Developer Job Mastering the Modern Workflow.
So this course is about workflow tools, obviously, and also the get version control system, as the
title would suggest.
But really, a lot of the time spent in this course is learning about CSX.
So mobile, first responsive CSX, how to keep your code super organized, so on and so forth.
OK.
And finally, the last thing I want to talk about is completely free, and that is my YouTube channel.
So if you search for LERN Web code on YouTube, you should be able to find me.
I post all sorts of tutorials and guides on here and you can also sometimes find the first chapter of
a U to me course posted here for free.
So I'm just shamelessly promoting myself at this point.
But I do encourage you to go check out the channel and subscribe if you like the content.
And I will let you know that in the coming months I'm going to be releasing a free boot camp on YouTube.
The boot camp is not going to teach any one technology in super detail.
Instead, it's going to show you the big picture of creating a Web app.
So we're going to start from scratch and learn a little bit, just a little bit about each technology
involved.
I'm hoping to launch that sometime in the next couple of months.
So please do subscribe, if that sounds interesting.
And that's all I have for you in this bonus video.
Thank you so much for watching.
And take care.